every manager at our company has a
college degree the only thing stopping
you is you
[Music]
do you ever look at your life wonder how
you got here if you make different
choices would you be happy
Arthur got his MBA from Duke he's the
best man for the job
no sir I am I just wish we lived in a
world where street smarts equal book
smart school oh the educated people in
their fancy houses name their kids after
fruit and climbed Kilimanjaro somebody
call for you
something about a job interview oh my
god Franklin and Clark your resume
interests me Wharton Business School I'm
sorry
and of course you have got to see her
Facebook page my facebook page Obama I
gave you a completely new idea you said
you wanted to be fancy so I just like
Cinderella dress well I got you in the
door like you've got the job baby you
should shame let's go who's the chain on
the tail you're the you're the champ
it's not easy getting a job for a woman
your age Oh watch me I'm a bee
[Music]
oh okay
we need to wear anything other than that
you look like mrs. Doubtfire wow this is
my office gave you an apartment
bloody cards I'm gonna take these off
your hands don't you dare I'm gonna take
these coasters you're gonna come clean
right my these are my friends from
Norton Warren waited some time in the
Peace Corps together we save whales okay
she's a Facebook thing with we you
really are I admire you kind of who I
want to be when I grow up you always do
whenever we're looking at the new
Chinese distributors the only employee
we have who speaks manager me I got an
idea
our cats veterinarian speak slander we
would love to schedule a tour for you
but you have to wait for the deal to be
closed but right at our feet oh yeah
eternally gone mom she
[Music]
[Laughter]